# Temporal and Multilevel Network Datasets for Yakuza Conflict Analysis
Temporal and multilevel network datasets on yakuza-on-yakuza attacks in Japan 2014-2019 used in Breuer, N., & Baradel, M. (2025). Investigating the dynamics of yakuza violence using multilevel network analysis. *Social Networks*, *82*, 14-26. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.socnet.2025.03.001

1. [**Timestamped Incident Database**](Timestamped_Incident_Database.csv): Contains temporal information on the timing of attacks (N = 122). Reports the IDs of the attacker and victim local groups, the syndicate names of the attacker and victim, and the prefectures in which the attacker and victim are headquartered. Incident timing is reported as dates; more granular information on the timing of attacks was not available for most of the cases.
2. [**Syndicate Alliance Adjacency Matrix**](Syndicate_Alliances_Adjacency_Matrix.csv): Contains a 10x10 undirected and unweighted adjacency matrix. Ties represent alliances between syndicates.
3. [**Geo Unit Adjacency Matrix**](Geo_Unit_Adjacency_Matrix.csv): Contains a 31x31 undirected and unweighted adjacency matrix. This file was used to construct the structural zeros matrix for the reciprocity analysis and multilevel exponential random graph model (ERGM). Ties represent that two prefectures were considered to be 'adjacent' in these analyses; see Breuer & Baradel (2025) for more details. Note that in this file, a prefecture is not considered to be adjacent to itself.
4. [**GroupToGroup Incidents Binary Adjacency Matrix**](GroupToGroup_Incidents_Binary_Adjacency_Matrix.csv): Contains a 170x170 directed and unweighted adjacency matrix. Ties represent that the node in the rows attacked the node in the column. This file is based on aggregating the incidents in the [Timestamped Incident Database](Timestamped_Incident_Database.csv); edges have been binarized.
5. [**Local_Group_Attributes**](Local_Group_Attributes.csv): Contains node attribute information for the local groups (N = 170). Reports the syndicate to which the group is affiliated, as well as the city and prefecture in which the group is headquartered.
6. [**GroupToGroup_GeoBased_Structural_Zeros**](GroupToGroup_GeoBased_Structural_Zeros.csv): Contains a 170x170 undirected and unweighted adjacency matrix. Indicates which ties should not be allowed to vary in the multilevel ERGM and that should be fixed at 0; a value of 1 means that the edge between those two nodes should be fixed at 0. This files is based on the [Geo Unit Adjacency Matrix](Geo_Unit_Adjacency_Matrix.csv).
7. [**GroupToGroup_Alliances_Adjacency_Matrix**](GroupToGroup_Alliances_Adjacency_Matrix.csv): Contains a 170x170 undirected and unweighted adjacency matrix. Ties represent that two local groups are part of syndicates that are allied with each other. Note that nodes that are part of the same syndicate are not considered to be allied. This file is based on the [Syndicate Alliance Adjacency Matrix](Syndicate_Alliances_Adjacency_Matrix.csv)
8. [**GroupToGroup_City_Adjacency_Matrix**](GroupToGroup_City_Adjacency_Matrix.csv): Contains a 170x170 undirected and unweighted adjacency matrix. Ties represent that two local groups are headquartered in cities that are geographically adjacent. Note that nodes that are headquartered in the same city are not considered to be in adjacenct cities.

Information on data collection and cleaning procedures available in Breuer & Baradel (2025). If you use this dataset in your work, please cite the original publication: Breuer, N., & Baradel, M. (2025). Investigating the dynamics of yakuza violence using multilevel network analysis. *Social Networks*, *82*, 14-26. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.socnet.2025.03.001
